Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to navigation Jump to search Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 5,818,757 articles in English Arts Biography Geography History Mathematics Science Society Technology All portals From today's featured article State Route 522 (SR 522) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington that serves the Seattle metropolitan area. Approximately 25 miles (40 km) long, it connects the city of Seattle to the northeastern suburbs of Kenmore, Bothell, Woodinville, and Monroe. Its western half is primarily an arterial street, named Lake City Way and Bothell Way, that follows the northern shore of Lake Washington; the eastern half is a grade-separated freeway that runs between Woodinville and Monroe. SR 522 connects several of the metropolitan area's major highways, including Interstate 5, Interstate 405, SR 9, and U.S. Route 2. The present day route of SR 522 was built in stages between 1907 and 1965, beginning with the Red Brick Road from Seattle to Bothell, then part of the Pacific Highway and later U.S. Route 99. Since the late 1990s, the SR 522 corridor between Woodinville and Monroe has been partially converted to a freeway to address safety concerns and a growing population. (Full article...) Recently featured: WAVES Australasian gannet AirTrain JFK Archive By email More featured articles Did you know... The Monumento Rodoviário da Rodovia Presidente Dutra ... that the Monumento Rodoviário da Rodovia Presidente Dutra (pictured) in Rio de Janeiro state opened in 1938 as a tourist observation point and lighthouse, but it was abandoned in 1978? ... that pool manager and coach Johan Ruijsink has won the Mosconi Cup as part of both the European and United States teams? ... that if children are not exposed to sounds and language during their first years of life, they will have difficulty in developing language—which can be prevented through hearing screening for infants? ... that Tara Sweeney is the first Alaska Native to oversee the Bureau of Indian Affairs? ... that at the start of the Battle of Orange Walk the British commanders ran almost naked from their bathtubs? ... that Yasumi Matsuno was an avid player of Final Fantasy XIV before being hired to write a scenario based on his Ivalice setting for the game's expansion, Stormblood? ... that Sam Bass was NASCAR's first officially licensed artist? ... that there were no roads leading to Becontree tube station when it first opened? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Ethiopian Airlines aircraft ET-AVJ in February 2019 Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 (aircraft pictured) crashes shortly after take-off from Addis Ababa for Nairobi, Kenya, killing all 157 people on board. A severe tornado outbreak hits the Southeastern United States, with one tornado causing 23 deaths in Alabama. Heightened tensions remain between India and Pakistan after both countries conduct airstrikes. Muhammadu Buhari is re-elected President of Nigeria. Ongoing: Battle of Baghuz Fawqani Venezuelan presidential crisis Recent deaths: Hal Blaine Tom Ballard Michael Gielen Kelly Catlin Keith Harvey Miller José Pedro Pérez-Llorca Nominate an article On this day March 12 Gandhi and Sarojini Naidu 1881 – Andrew Watson made his debut with the Scotland national football team and became the world's first black international footballer. 1930 – Gandhi (pictured with Sarojini Naidu) began the Salt March, a 24-day walk to defy the British tax on salt in colonial India. 1971 – The Turkish Armed Forces executed a "coup by memorandum", forcing the resignation of Prime Minister Süleyman Demirel. 1989 – Tim Berners-Lee issued the first proposal for what would become the World Wide Web, when he wrote a document to CERN with details of an information-management system 2014 – A gas leak caused an explosion in the East Harlem neighborhood of New York City, destroying two apartment buildings and causing eight deaths. Symeon the New Theologian (d. 1022) · Lilian Faithfull (b. 1865) · Zhao Wei (b. 1976) More anniversaries: March 11 March 12 March 13 Archive By email List of historical anniversaries Today's featured picture Portrait of a Lady with a Squirrel and a Starling is an oil-on-oak portrait completed in around 1526–1528 by German Renaissance painter Hans Holbein the Younger. The subject of this portrait is believed to be Anne Lovell, wife of Sir Francis Lovell (d. 1551), an esquire of the body to Henry VIII. The evidence for this was uncovered by stained-glass historian David J. King while studying the windows of the church in East Harling, Norfolk, the Lovell family's seat. King noted the Lovell family's coat of arms alongside squirrels in the stained glass, and also that the starlings in the painting are a pun on the name of the village. Painting: Hans Holbein the Younger Recently featured: Rigoletto Topi Pittsburgh Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. Help desk – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. Local embassy – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. Reference desk – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. Site news – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. Village pump – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning materials and activities Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Started in 2001 (2001), it currently contains 5,818,757 articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands 日本語 Polski Português Русский Svenska Tiếng Việt 中文 More than 250,000 articles: العربية Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Български Català Čeština Esperanto Euskara فارسی 한국어 Magyar Norsk Română Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe Українська More than 50,000 articles: Bosanski Dansk Eesti Ελληνικά English (simple form) Galego עברית Hrvatski Latviešu Lietuvių മലയാളം Norsk nynorsk Slovenčina Slovenščina ไทย Complete list of Wikipedias Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=870437359" Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Main Page Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary Languages العربية Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Latviešu Lietuvių Magyar Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 This page was last edited on 24 November 2018, at 20:20 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile view